ok this is swagger swearing at video
games com call of juarez bound in blood
and we are finishing up the end of this
game
there's going to be a credible classic
rifle there and you do want that if you
don't have the sniper or something like
that
Parisa
let's take your time one little peek and
then get out of there
he'll know you about done Winchell drop
down and crawl crawl forward from where
she was
I proposed and we meet on the field of
Honor a fair fight between me and one of
you God will protect the righteous were
you too cowardly to face me man-to-man
he's mine
there you go take down Barnes be here
and you have won the game
there were three of us in those bitter
days and each of us would have braved
the fires of hell for the other no one
could stand against us when we stood
together three brothers William well he
was the best of us a man of faith he
sacrificed his life to deliver me from
evil like the Savior himself dying for
our sins like running River who spared
the murderer of his own child William
wanted me to find the Lord and in his
sacrifice I did oh we left the gold we
knew was cursed I put away my guns and
dedicated my life to serving the
almighty i became the preacher my
brother William always wanted to be
enjoying Thomas and Marissa in holy
matrimony William I know you're looking
down on us and I want you to know your
passion was not in vain and though
nothing is like it used to be one thing
remains we are still a family